>> You are listening to the
Increase in Exercise Mind Talk
audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to cause deep relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an
emergency your subconscious
mind will alert you and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
that you need to do, apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and
let go, and really enjoy
those peaceful feelings and all
the benefits that come with it.
I'd like you now
to make yourself
as comfortable as
possible and listen
to the sound of my voice.
And as you do so, you may be
aware of other sounds going on
around you.
But you know that
they're not important.
They don't matter at all,
and you can dismiss them out
of your awareness and
focus your mind entirely
on what I'm saying.
This is your time and
you make the most of it.
No one needs or wants
anything from you at all.
And I'd like you to
take in a deep breath,
filling your lungs
as much as you can.
And let it out slowly.
And again, take in
a long, slow breath.
And when you're ready,
let it out slowly.
And now you can allow your
breathing to return to normal.
Gentle breaths in and out.
Returning to your normal
gentle breathing pace.
And I'd like you now
to imagine yourself
outside in your favorite
place in nature.
Maybe it's a peaceful,
tropical beach.
Or it could be a
beautiful garden.
And maybe you can
imagine lying back
on a boat which is sailing
on a tranquil river.
It really doesn't matter
where you are, as long
as it feels good to you.
And it's a beautiful day.
The sky is a special
shade of blue, so clear.
And it's a warm summer's day.
There's a breeze
gently blowing over you
and the temperature is
just how you like it.
And in the sky is
a dazzling sun,
so bright that you just
want to close your eyes
and feel the glowing, healing
warmth of the sun on your body.
And surprisingly, you find
that you can direct that sun
over and around your body.
And as you realize
this, you begin
to direct the light from
the sun over your face.
You can feel the healing
warmth of the light
from the sun over your face,
just relaxing those muscles
around the eyes, around the
nose and mouth and your brow.
And as you do that, you find
that your facial muscles
begin to flatten out,
as they relax and you
let go completely.
And it's a beautiful day.
You move the light from the
sun into the throat area,
feeling the warmth of the light
from the sun in your throat,
relaxing all the muscles, just
letting go completely now.
And the warm sunlight now
moving into your shoulders
and across your
shoulders, making them
feel loose and limp
and comfortable
as your shoulders sink into
the frame of your body.
And you feel so comfortable
now, so relaxed and at peace.
And you let nothing bother
or concern you at all.
And you direct the light from
the sun down your right arm,
from the shoulders to
the tips of your fingers.
The right arm begins
to relax and let go.
And it's a beautiful feeling
to be here right now.
The warmth of the
light from the sun
penetrates the nerves and bones
and muscles of that right arm.
And it's such a beautiful day.
You move the sun
over to your left arm
and guide the light from the
sun down and up your left arm,
from the top of your
shoulders all the way down
to the tips of your fingers.
You can feel the left arm
relaxing, becoming comfortably
heavy and totally relaxed.
Now move that warm light
across and into the chest area
and relax the chest,
all the muscles there.
Now down to the stomach,
relaxing your tummy
and down into your hips and your
thighs, over to your right leg.
The light warms the muscles
as you relax your right leg.
Let it feel comfortable
and heavy now.
Now move the light
from the sun down
your right leg, up
and down from the top
of the hips to the
tips of your toes,
as the right leg
relaxes and you let go.
And it's such a beautiful
day, you now move the light
into your life leg.
You move it up and down the left
leg, from the top of the hips
to the tips of your toes.
And your left leg relaxes,
releasing tension,
letting go now completely.
Your whole body is now totally
and completely relaxed,
from the top of your
head all the way down
to the tips of your toes.
And as your body relaxes,
your mind also relaxes.
And I want you now to
notice that the sun is
setting, going down now,
deeper and deeper down.
And you're so deeply
relaxed but still
completely alert and aware.
You resist the temptation
to fall asleep.
Your mind is thoroughly
relaxed but you
stay focused on these words.
So now I'd like you to
use your imagination.
And once again, you're in a
wonderful place in nature.
The trees are a
beautiful shade of green.
It's a stunning day and the
sun is shining down on you.
There's a soft and
gentle breeze in the air,
making you feel pleasantly
relaxed and calm.
All around, you can see
trees and plants and an array
of the most beautiful
flowers you have ever seen,
so colorful and vibrant.
And you can smell the rich
aroma of these flowers,
making you feel so peaceful.
Nothing else matters right now.
You feel completely
at east and so calm.
And in the distance, you
can hear the sound of water
flowing slowly and gently.
The sound of water is helping
you to go more and more deeply
relaxed.
You may feel your muscles
loosening more and more,
relaxing with the beautiful
flowing sound of water.
Out of curiosity, you decide to
follow the sound of the water
and you feel excited about
where it's leading you,
knowing deep within
yourself you're
going to a very special
place, a place where
you're going to create some
positive, wonderful, long
lasting changes.
As you walk slowly
towards the water,
you can hear the sound of
birds singing in the trees.
You feel totally at ease.
As you finally
reach the lake, you
realize it's the most beautiful
vision you've ever seen
and you're in awe of the
beauty that surrounds you.
The vast lake is
filled with a variety
of colors, rich colors of blues,
turquoise, and light greens.
And it fills your mind and
body with a wave of relaxation.
You may be becoming more relaxed
with each and every breath
you take, feeling more calm,
more peaceful, and more
relaxed than ever before.
Your mind may be
drifting in and out,
just letting go deeper
and deeper still.
You may feel as though your
mind is flowing gently,
flowing gently like the
lake in your imagination.
You look into the distance and
you can see a wooden bridge
leading over the lake.
You walk towards the bridge,
feeling more and more
deeply relaxed.
As you reach the
bridge, you can see
there are 10 steps leading over
to the other side of the lake.
You slowly start
walking over the bridge,
counting the steps in your mind.
10, 9, deeper and
deeper still, 8, 7.
All the way down
to relaxation now,
6, 5, and 4, drifting off
peacefully and easily,
3, 2, all the way down,
deeply relaxed, and 1.
You see a comfortable,
padded chair
and you take a seat,
ready to embrace
the changes to come in your
deep state of relaxation now.
You know that working
out is important
because you know how
exercise is good for you.
But for some reason, it
seems as though a part of you
doesn't want to work out.
Maybe you can't really
see yourself as motivated,
or maybe you're waiting for the
right time to start exercising.
Exercising regularly
may seem challenging.
But imagine how you
would feel if you
had the drive and
the determination
to exercise consistently.
Hypnotherapy is your
key to opening the door
to your subconscious and
to changing your thinking
patterns, fueling your
passion and drive to exercise
and desire to make exercise
a part of your life.
All you have to do to
start making those changes
is sit back, close your
eyes and get comfortable.
Focus inwards and let your
mind accept the new thinking
patterns of drive
and motivation.
You realize that in order
to increase your stamina,
you will need to be in the
right frame of mind, which
is why it's so important to
you that your mental outlook is
much improved.
You also know that the food
you eat is so important,
so your body is
fueled for exercise.
You begin eating
small and frequent
healthy, nutritious
meals, and you
eat slowly and deliberately,
allowing your body
to digest and enjoy
each mouthful.
And when you've had enough to
eat, you simply stop eating.
And it's as easy, as simple as
that when you've got your mind
set in the right state.
You also fill your mind with
positive thoughts and feelings,
removing as much negativity
from your life as you can.
And from now on,
try and surround
yourself with things
that inspire you and make
you feel good, that
make you feel like you
want to get up and move.
You start to enjoy the
feeling in your body
as you create more movement,
even if it's fast walking.
Now is the time to reignite
and rediscover your love
and passion for exercise.
Imagine now that you're
in a beautiful garden.
And you may notice
how there are trees
and how colorful they are,
beautiful, colorful flowers,
and how the skies are clear.
Take a look down at the grass
and see how beautiful and lush
it looks.
You take a lie down on
the soft, cushioned grass.
You feel the warm air
move down your body,
from the top of your head
to the tips of your toes,
and really take in the power
of that relaxation now.
You realize that when you
exercise, you feel good.
You are energized and you
feel a rush of endorphins.
You feel strong
and full of energy.
Exercise will make you
not only feel great,
but it will help you
to look even better.
Your body will start
to change and you're
excited about those changes.
You know that you feel
stronger on the inside
and your body reflects that
too, with strength and tone
and muscle.
And you're excited to
get that feeling back.
And you enjoy that rush and
glow after a workout session.
Being fit and healthy
makes you feel great,
and you're excited to push
yourself to meet your goals.
You're excited to start
exercising as much as possible
within your time restrictions.
And from now on you make
sure that you find that time.
You find the time to
put yourself first,
to put your health first.
You know that it
makes you healthy
and you're now motivated to
reach your full potential.
And you remember the
importance in warm up exercises
before pushing your
body to extreme,
and you always adhere to this.
If you haven't
exercised for a while,
you make sure that you build
up your routine gradually,
adding more time and more energy
at subsequent workout sessions.
And you realize that
this is the only way
to succeed while taking care
of your body and your mind.
And if at times you find
it hard to keep going,
you recognize how worthwhile
this is going to be
and you're not afraid
to push yourself just
a little bit further,
always a little bit further,
stopping when it's time
to stop, but pushing
if you feel it's right and
if you have it within you.
You are a capable,
strong person,
capable of exercising regularly.
You're motivated to be organized
enough to make the time
to complete a workout regime.
You see yourself now waking
up, or at a time of day that's
suitable for you, and visualize
yourself now getting changed
into your workout clothes.
You feel excited about
the session you're
about to embrace and complete.
You see yourself during
your exercise session
and you're proud of what
you're achieving, working
towards your goals,
giving yourself
more energy, more endorphins,
and that feeling of achievement
that you love.
See yourself now in
your workout session,
the changes in your body,
that feeling afterwards,
the pride, the fulfillment,
the glow, the endorphins.
You're excited to
do that once again.
start a routine,
whether it's three times
a week or even more.
From now on, you make
sure you find time
to put yourself first.
Project that into an image.
Project the feelings of
pride, the wonderful sense
of accomplishment,
attainment and achievement.
You recognize that you have
achieved this by yourself
with your own determination.
You're excited thinking
about your workout
and you can't wait
to get going with it.
Whether you exercise on
your own or with friends,
you know that you're becoming
more and more healthy,
giving yourself more energy,
changing your body shape,
and meeting those goals.
You no longer want to sit,
to be stagnant, to feel lazy.
From now on, you're driven
by movement, strengthening
of your muscles, your body,
and your overall fitness
and health.
These are now within
your top priorities.
You're passionate about
making the most of your time
and you want to use it to
the best of your ability,
and you know how
exercise makes you happy
and you keep doing it.
You make sure that you always
find a way to exercise,
whether you're at home or away,
whether there's a gym or just
a simple room.
You know that there's
a way to exercise.
And from now on,
you make no excuses,
for that motivation and
determination is too strong
now.
You know that you
can use your own body
weight to do some
fantastic exercises
with some significant results.
And maybe you start to mix
up what type of exercise
you're doing.
You start to vary it,
so you focus on sports
or whatever that suits you,
whether it's yoga or weights
or running or going to the gym.
You find something that
suits you and your body.
Once you find that form of
exercise that you enjoy,
you stick with it.
And then you mix it up.
You vary it.
Find something else.
You know that those
muscles in your body
need to be shocked into a
different form of exercise
so you vary your exercise and
those muscles are strengthened
in all kinds of different ways.
And you enjoy the
feeling of being
able to do these different
exercises and the pride
that you get after
your workout session.
You're determined now
to turn your life around
and to start looking
after yourself,
treating your body with the
love and respect it deserves.
You surround yourself with
as many positive people
as you can, people who
inspire you and want you
to be the best that you can be.
And maybe you find
yourself drawn
to uplifting music, music that
inspires you and pushes you.
Have a think now about
what aspects of your life
you may want to
work on and change,
whether it's the people
you surround yourself with,
the food you're
fueling your body with,
the music you're listening to,
the time of day you wake up,
your goals, your mental outlook.
These are all things
you can change
and you're ready to
make that change now.
And each area that you
identify that needs to change
brings you a wonderful
feeling of quiet anticipation.
And these feelings help you
to feel even more comfortable,
even more relaxed
and happier than you
have felt in a long, long time.
And from this moment
onwards, your determination
and motivation to
increase your stamina
grows stronger and stronger,
stronger by the day,
stronger by the hour, and
stronger by the minute.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind
and will get more
and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from 1 to 5
to awaken you.
And at the count of 5, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert and feeling fantastic,
bringing back with you
all of the wonderful
new feelings.
Coming back now.
So 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.